Document duplicate heading ids and how to avoid them (#779)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/shortcodes/index.md

To trigger a rebuild after changes to a source file, perform a trivial change to the destination file and save that, too.
{{< /admonition >}}

### Shared files and headings

> Hugo renders the shortcode separately to the page. As a result, if the same heading exists in a shared file as well as in the page that includes it, they'll have the same heading identifier. This duplication of heading identifiers breaks the ability link to the headings properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugo renders the shortcode separately to the page. As a result, if the same heading exists in a shared file and the page that includes it, they'll have the same heading identifier. This duplication of heading identifiers breaks the ability to link to the headings properly.
```

> {{< admonition type="note" >}}
> Hugo renders the shortcode separately to the page.
> If the same heading exists in a shared file and in the page that includes it, they'll have the same heading identifier.
> 
> To work around this, set the heading identifier in the shared file.
> To set a heading identifier, refer to the [Markdown guide](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/markdown-guide/#identifiers).
> {{< /admonition >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because Hugo renders the shortcode separately to the page, if the same heading exists in a shared file as well as in the page that includes it, they'll have the same heading identifier. This duplication of heading identifiers breaks the ability link to the headings properly. 

To work around this, set a heading identifier in the shared file.
If there are two shared files with the same heading, you only need to set a heading identifier in one of them.
To set a heading identifier, refer to the [Markdown guide](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/markdown-guide/#identifiers).
```

Reviewer 3: Could we split line 571 into two sentences?

`Hugo renders the shortcode separately to the page. If the same heading exists in a shared file as well as in the page that includes it, they'll have the same heading identifier.`

Reviewer 2: I made it once sentence to ensure that those two ideas were tied for the reader. I've made an update to split it up but keep the connection.
